1KOMMA5° At 1KOMMA5° , we pursue a clear vision: Living on wind and sunlight forever for free . To make this a reality, we are building the energy system of the future with Heartbeat AI. Want to be part of it?We bring together regional craftsmanship and scalable software: We don't think of solar, batteries, heat pumps, and e-mobility as isolated components, but control them as an intelligent, integrated overall system in our virtual power plant. Directly connected to the electricity market – in real time, fully automated. This way, energy is used when it is available from renewables and particularly cost-effective. By 2030, our goal is to transition 1.5 million households to renewable energies. Over 3,000 people are working towards this every day, at more than 80 locations worldwide, from Finland to Australia. Want to take responsibility and build solutions that truly matter? Apply now and help us shape the energy world of tomorrow. Learn more about our Product &amp; Tech team! Deine Position As Chief of Staff - Core Platforms, you will serve as a strategic right hand to the VP Platform Engineering and play a central role in driving alignment, operational excellence, and strategic execution across our tech organization. You will act as the vital link between the platform teams and the Heartbeat AI and Virtual Assembly Line (VAL) builder teams. You'll also help drive our shift to an AI-first engineering organisation. This is a highly visible and hands-on position, combining strategic thinking with deep operational involvement. You’ll work across the Core Platform teams Developer Platform, Data &amp; Analytics Platform, Employee Tech Platform and Corp IT, to shape how the backbone of 1KOMMA5°s tech landscape executes its mission. Your Responsibilities: Central Coordination: Act as point of contact within the Core Platform domain and connect teams, ensuring effective information flow, and coordinating alignment across domains and stakeholders. People &amp; Culture: Drive the domains growth by playing a key role in hiring, onboarding new talent, and organizing team events and workshops to maintain a world-class culture. Stakeholder Communication: Prepare high-impact reports and presentations for the C-Level and platform internal meetings. Project Leadership and Execution: Lead and coordinate strategic and operational projects with cross-functional and international impact. Drive initiatives from concept to delivery and ensure measurable outcomes. Support for the Leadership Team: Provide direct support to the VP and other engineering leads in day-to-day operations, strategic planning, and administrative tasks including project preparation, documentation, event planning and coordination. AI Enablement: Own our AI-first push in practice by tracking adoption across platform teams, unblock what's slowing it. Dein Profil Education &amp; Background: Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Business Technology, or a related field (or equivalent hands-on experience in software/tech environments). Professional Experience: You have 3+ years of experience in a startup or a demanding project management environment. Analytical Mindset: You are highly structured and data-driven, with the ability to turn raw information into actionable strategies. Cross-Functional Connector: A natural communicator who easily builds trust across all organizational levels, comfortably bridging the gap between platform engineers and business leaders. Startup Resilience: You thrive in fast-paced environments, possess a proactive "get things done" mindset, and can make high-quality decisions under pressure. Data &amp; Tech Native: Proficient with Google Workspace, comfortable working with SQL, Python, or BI tools (e.g. Looker), and experienced with AI productivity tools. Language: Fluent in English. Bonus points for: You are genuinely motivated by the mission of accelerating the global energy transition. Benefits You are part of an international, dynamic, and highly motivated team of people who have proven to make things happen With your work, you accelerate the "energy transition" and hence have a direct impact on our climate Work with and learn from other super-smart colleagues You will enjoy direct contact with core decision-makers Create a healthy balance alongside your work and enjoy all the benefits of the EGYM Wellpass Benefits and discounts are yours with Futurebens Whether city bike or e-bike - be flexible with our job bike leasing and do something good for the environment at the same time Find more English Speaking Jobs in United Kingdom on Arbeitnow