Applied Intuition, Inc. is powering the future of physical AI. Founded in 2017 and now valued at $15 billion, the Silicon Valley company is creating the digital infrastructure needed to bring intelligence to every moving machine on the planet. Applied Intuition services the automotive, defense, trucking, construction, mining and agriculture industries in three core areas: tools and infrastructure, operating systems, and autonomy. Eighteen of the top 20 global automakers, as well as the United States military and its allies, trust the company’s solutions to deliver physical intelligence. Applied Intuition is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Ft. Walton Beach, Florida; Ann Arbor, Michigan; London; Stuttgart; Munich; Stockholm; Bangalore; Seoul; and Tokyo. Learn more at applied.co . We are an in-office company, and our expectation is that full-time employees primarily work from their Applied Intuition office 5 days a week. However, we also recognize the importance of flexibility and trust our employees to manage their schedules responsibly. This may include occasional remote work, starting the day with morning meetings from home before heading to the office, or leaving earlier when needed to accommodate family commitments. This in-office expectation does not apply to contractor positions About the Role: We are looking for a bright, eloquent engineer to help our customers solve complex technical problems across Applied Intuition’s maritime portfolio. In this role you will work closely with uniformed and civilian customers to ensure Applied’s Intuition’s solutions deliver maximum impact in advancing the adoption of autonomous systems throughout the EMEA region. You Will: Deliver technical pre-sales support, focussed principally on maritime systems. Act as the technical bridge between maritime defence customers and Applied Intuition UK’s engineering and product teams. Support end-users at all stages, to increase and enhance adoption. Identify problem-solution fit with customer and scope the technical solution and delivery. Lead technical discussions, architecture reviews, demos, and deployments with customers both in pre- and post-sale stages. Help customers adopt Applied Intuition’s code-first developer toolchain, onboarding engineering teams to our products and integrating with customers’ existing infrastructure. Requirements: UK Security Clearance, or the ability to attain it. 3+ years of experience working within the maritime sector. Execution-driven mindset with strong attention to detail and ability to manage multiple customer engagements in parallel. Experience working directly with customers on complex problems at the intersection of software and vehicle systems. Degree in computer science, electrical engineering, or a related field. Intermediate programming experience in C/C++, Python, or similar. Strong written and verbal communication skills in English. Nice to Have: Experience in a European or allied Navy. Hands-on experience with Applied Intuition’s applications. Exposure to perception systems or AI/ML pipelines applied to in-vehicle experiences. Experience with simulation environments or digital twin platforms to validate vehicle software. Project management experience in cross-functional, customer-facing programs. Don’t meet every single requirement? If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles. Applied Intuition is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws. FOR US-BASED ROLES: Applied Intuition is committed to providing an accessible and inclusive application and interview experience to applicants who are disabled veterans and other applicants with disabilities or medical conditions. Reasonable accommodations are available, requesting an accommodation will not affect your candidacy in any way, and you are not required to disclose the nature of your disability or medical condition in order to make a request. If you require an accommodation please contact Compensation: £90K – £150K • Offers Equity • Compensation £90K – £150K • Offers Equity Find Jobs in United Kingdom on Arbeitnow